$Id: todo,v 1.71 2006/05/31 10:13:55 dds Exp $

- Separate strings and comments from the SQL output
(See processor in obfuscate.c)
- Create an SQL table with FID, FOFFSET, LNUM

Upgrade communication to HTTP/1.1?
See example at http://www.ragestorm.net/tutorial?id=15

Interface to show identifiers shared between two files.

Track global variables in the same way as functions are currently tracked.

Collect maintainability index and oo metrics (see SSAO04.)
Pointer analysis
Locate similar / same lines (irrelevant, but useful for refactoring)
Precise Call Graphs for C Programs with Function Pointers
Milanova A., Rountev A., Ryder B.   Automated Software Engineering 11(1): 7-26, 2004.

Create a cc-compatible front-end that will accumulate invocation
intructions in a script, or send them to a cscout server,
as an alternative to the current configuration approach.
Need to create front ends to gcc, ld, ar
/usr/src/gnu/usr.bin/ld/ld.c
/usr/src/contrib/gcc/gcc.c

See perforce terms:
http://www.perforce.com/perforce/price.html

- option to color highlighted elements
- option to color comments


Regression tests
Eliminate the dybamic cast by storing Call* pointers
Remove virtual method qualifiers from leaf classes

Remember to update SWILL/Source/SWILL/mime.o in the Unix distributions.

Handle conditional compilation!!!!
	Each conditional compilation statement can be trivially handled
	by creating and processing a parallel universe (we know how
	to do this, cf. 4 BSD kernel processing).  Find ways to do it
	automatically, and efficiently by maintaining merged virtual
	copies of the environment.

Add generalized query language, based on the C preprocessor syntax.

Option to specify leading file path to hide

Refactorings
	- Inline macro
	- Add nth function argument (with default value)
	- Remove nth function argument

Add support for type specifiers:
	_Bool
	_Complex
	_Imaginary
function specifier:
	inline
type qualifier:
	restrict


Borland configuration file
Solaris compilation
experiment with hashmap performance

ceescape (swill) front end:

Allow interruptions in id queries

lex preprocessor / hooks
	(Partly implemented)
	#pragma sync "filename" offset
	#pragma nosync (default. Input is parsed, but unify is a null op)

C99 extensions

errno monitoring

Convert color to cgi/command-line

Convert the _asm handling into generic handlers for excluding line and
block-based compiler extensions via compiler-specific preprocess-specific preprocessor defs.

Create Java-based front end
Make color conform with the other programs

Add isfunction identifier property
Add ispointer identifier property

Create separate database table with the newlines

Optimize (hash for map)
Create editor


I will take the opportunity to comment on the product. You may scrap
those comments or use them to improve CScout if you like:
1) An installer will make CScout more acceptable to Windows users;
3) I find it curious that entries in "Change history" are undated;
4) I think it would be an an improvement to allow cswc project | cscout
and would like a control to cause a browser to open automatically in
Windows.
5) I had to edit cswc to correct the directory to pick up perl.
7) My comments on the generated html are obviously first impressions:
a) I would like to see context information such as date and command in
"CScout Main Page".
c) I think you should define many of the terms used in the html.
Examples: "Comment characters" - characters in comments; "line
comments"; "block comments"; "lines" - before or after processing \
"Number of" seems redundant.
8) I find the (grammatical) future tense jibs (deliberate nautical pun)
with me in technical documents because it mixes badly with the present
tense. Example: I suggest you use "lists" rather than "will list" in
'The "All files" link will list all the project's files, including
source files, and directly and indirectly included files. You can
use...'
9) I think the html can be optimised so that links which produce no
results are not made or are rendered in a different way. Example: I have
no "Writable .c Files Without Any Statments". (sic in result!)
2) "syntax error" should show current and next symbols.

include command in cswc
